chore: Document Material for MkDocs Insiders limitations in CONTRIBUTING.md in more detail (#19373)
astral-sh/ruff: CONTRIBUTING.md

## MkDocs

> [!NOTE]
>

> > The production documentation uses Material for MkDocs Insiders, which is closed-source software.
> > This means only members of the Astral organization can preview the documentation exactly as it
> > will appear in production.
> > Outside contributors can still preview documentation, but there will be some differences.
> > MkDocs maintains a [list of features that are available solely to Insiders](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/benefits/#features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The production documentation uses Material for MkDocs Insiders, which is closed-source software.
> This means only members of the Astral organization can preview the documentation exactly as it
> will appear in production.
> Outside contributors can still preview the documentation, but there will be some differences.
> MkDocs maintains a [list of features that are available solely in the Insider version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/benefits/#features).
```
